hey this is Brian miquellee and this is
a video to demonstrate the issues I seem
to be having with the envision 22 inch
LCD monitor as you can see I've got a
Dell Latitude plugged into a Dell
docking station there I'm gonna go ahead
and turn on the power at the docking
station and turn on the power on the
envision monitor you can see the
envision monitor goes through the
initial boot-up series got the windows
XP screen
you threw the boot up process
shortly we'll see the screen appear for
about two seconds I'm guessing and then
disappear
there we are and there it goes okay
seems to have disappeared
let's try step two we'll open the Dell
laptop case lid there's our screen image
there it is again on the envision and
gone okay well let's try the
ever-popular function f8 key there we go
1001 it does do and gone hmm
function f8 but to laptop screen no
signal in the envision monitor so let's
function f8 again and 1001 1002 gone so
you can see the problem I seem to be
having with the envision monitor the
image doesn't seem to appear on the
screen for more than two seconds at a
time I'll power down the envision
monitor leaving the laptop on come back
power back up the envision monitor 1,001
1,002 gone so I'd appreciate any help
you can give me with this issue as I
mentioned in my email this is the second
time I've had this exact same problem
and I'd really rather not pay another
twenty to thirty dollars to ship this
monitor back to you via a UPS I paid it
the first time but the second time I'm
not so interested in paying that money
so I'm hoping you can help me out help a
customer out thanks